summary
posted: jun 23, 2022
weekly hours: 40
role number: 200392362
play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction! build groundbreaking technology for large scale systems, spoken language, big data, and artificial intelligence. the ai/ml - machine translation team is looking for exceptional software engineers passionate about delighting customer’s experience, building and improving the machine learning automation and infrastructure.
key qualifications
excellent coding skills in the one of the following languages , e.g. python, bash scripting, java, c/c++ etc.
3+ years working experience in big data/spark/mapreduce, large distributed system, cloud computing etc
knowledge in ml technologies or toolkits such as nlp, mt, asr, pytorch, tensorflow is a big plus
excellent communication and problem solving skill
fast learner and strong motivation on growing and learning new technologies
description
you will be a part of a team that's responsible for a wide variety of language technologies related development activities. your focus will be on developing the model automation pipeline which is highly scalable, robust and efficient. the role will be part of the model automation team to deal with large quantities of data, apply the state-of-the-art methods in deep learning to tackle real world problems, create the production quality models at scale and set up ml ci/cd pipelines. you should therefore be passionate about creating phenomenal products that are used by millions of people. you’re expected to be a team player who thrives in a fast paced environment with rapidly changing priorities.
education & experience
b.s. or m.s. in computer science or related field
additional requirements
apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. we also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants.