be part of the future of fleet management software

founded by a team of serial entrepreneurs, avrios is a product-led saas company that has been building an award-winning solution for mobility management.

our young, ambitious, and fearless management team set out on a mission to create the world’s most technologically advanced and future-focused fleet management software.

immerse yourself in a demanding and fun environment! the reward for smart, hard work is the opportunity for rapid learning, career acceleration, committed teams, and loads of fun!

join our open-minded, humble and honest group of people from over 20 countries, and let's revolutionize an industry!

tasks

as a sr. frontend engineer at avrios, your work on a high variety of technical and business-related topics from implementing great ui/ux to sprint planning. you will be part of an allround scrum team of 5-7 other engineers, and will:

you work on a complex spa with a fast-growing customer base
get direct feedback from the customer success team whilst having plenty of room to experiment and discuss priorities with the team.
make data-driven decisions, and leave the "gut feeling" behind.
use the right tool for the job. decisions from the past are not sacred.
requirements

who we are looking for:
experience in building and running large, complex, and scalable web applications.
extensive knowledge of javascript, html5, css3 and angular(js).
you like working on the hard and tricky stuff and say ”challenge accepted!” way too often.
willingness to maintain and own the software you build and actively contribute to technology decisions regarding the frontend architecture.
excellent spoken and written english communication — german not required.
also, statements that can describe you:
you're empathetic, humble, and love to help your teammates grow.
you are passionate about building world-class experiences that delight customers.
you're proud of the code you write, but you're also pragmatic.
you're focused, and driven, and can get projects across the finish line.
you have experience running apps in production.
benefits

what we offer:
competitive compensation.
generous education budget.
great product with purpose.
clear team objectives within a product-led company.
ability to influence and define what you’re building within those objectives.
opportunity to have a big impact on a fast-growing international startup.
collaborative environment with a passionate, distributed and diverse team.
people-focused culture that promotes open feedback and professional development.
at avrios, we believe diverse teams make the best teams. we strive to create a workplace where everyone feels empowered to bring their full, authentic selves to work. we encourage you to apply even if you think you are not the “perfect fit” because your career has taken “unexpected twists and turns.” tell us your story and why your skills and passion will bring value to this role.

apply now and join our multifaceted and multi-talented group of diverse people from over 20 nationalities, gender identities, religions, and backgrounds.

we don't accept cvs from recruitment agencies, all sent agency cvs will be treated as direct applicants.