concular is a circular economy start-up. we digitize materials in buildings to calculate the embodied carbon footprint and help to reduce it by recirculating materials to other buildings, manufacturers or industry partners. by that we are tackling a lot of problems in the construction sector such as emissions, waste, resource exploitation and more. we're working with most of the largest building owners, manufacturers and construction companies in germany and will expand to other countries mid of next year.

tasks

role: invent, design, analyze, build and test complex test suite and data structures to fulfill our quality assurance objectives and requirements while considering the limitations imposed by practicality and safety.

responsibilities:
develop and executing quality assurance process
executing manual tests on demand and with the aim to break the system
developing, executing and maintaining automated tests
designing and documenting the test code
writing, executing and monitoring automated test suite
analysing and documenting test requirements
reporting defects
reproduce bug reports by written tests
requirements

3+ years of hands-on experience with quality assurance and test automation
have strong understanding of web and mobile applications.
should have knowledge of restassured and postman.
3+ yrs of experience using selenium with java or python.
understanding of web service concepts including http, soap/rest and related technologies like json and xml.
proven ability to work in an agile way and break down work into pieces, plan iterations and deliver simple solutions to complex problems
good knowledge or experience with product development tools and processes (scrum, kanban, confluence, jira etc.)
passion for building innovative products in the circular economy
high standards and strive for excellence across the board - from own contributions to the collaborations with the engineering team - balanced by a practical understanding of the trade-offs between “done” and “perfect”
fluent written and verbal communication skills in english
benefits

we

are an open minded and multinational team
are passionated about circular economy
work in a great office in the impact-hub berlin neukölln
are remote-friendly
offer a seat in our team which has high growth and collaboration opportunity
provide you with a brand new hardware of your choice
offer a competitive salary
offer flexible working hours
concular is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, age, or all the other fascinating characteristics that make us different.

we are looking forward to your application!