as the head of software development you coach and support your team to act in an agile environment and to grow sustainably. you empower your team to make the technical decisions and implement the best practices they need to achieve their goals. self-organization in the team is your goal, your long-term strategy ensures to support the growth of decathlon germany. sounds like something for you? then apply now and join our team.
you can look forward to plenty of space to develop your own ideas, a permanent contract for 37.5h/week, flexible working hours and a 30% employee discount on over 100 decathlon brands. you will also have the opportunity to work from home up to two days per week.

dafür bist du verantwortlich
your responsibilities
understanding the vision of the company, how the team and department fit into that vision and translating it into effective goals for your area
managing engineers reporting to you, ensuring the right execution of the strategy and their professional growth as experts
communicating well with all involved units to ensure that projects ship successfully
ensuring that the skills and tech best practices of the teams meet the requirements of the feature teams and the decathlon it united strategy (data, security, quality)
understanding and driving techniques for improving productivity
understanding and driving techniques for leading projects
staying aware of changes around the company to anticipate and prevent obstacles from hindering team performance and adapting its organization to face these changes

das bringst du mit
your profile
you have excellent technical and interpersonal skills and have several years of practical experience as a software engineer and experience in leading a team in an agile organization
you are capable of conflict and strong in improvising with organizational talent and a high degree of independence
vitality: our passion for sports reflects also on our mindset – we motivate and challenge ourselves and others on a daily basis to raise the bar constantly in order to achieve our very best
responsibility: we make decisions where and when needed and take responsibility seriously
openness: we accept opposite ideas and agree there are various ways to accomplish the same goal, but it is always the team that will decide in the end. we consider everybody's experience and perspective to be valuable
adaptability: we are a cross-discipline team. we are working on everything: front-end, back-end and dev-ops and security
bilingualism is an advantage: the team is communicating in english and german

wir sind decathlon
einer der größten sportartikelhersteller und - händler der welt. für uns sind menschen das herzstück unseres erfolgs. wir sind davon überzeugt, dass innovationen endlos und entscheidungsfreiheit sowie verantwortung die grundlage für unseren fortschritt sind. durch unser starkes wachstum entstehen ständig neue weiterentwicklungsmöglichkeiten und karrierechancen in den filialen, der logistik und der zentrale.