Engineering Manager (m/w/d) - Frankfurt
You will guide your team to implement product features that will help improve people's sleep and support Emma's core business You will be a team player as part of an agile, empowered team and contribute to the development of fellow engineers You will contribute to the improvement of our Software Development, CI&CD and DevOps practices Play a key role in supporting us attract, develop and retain great engineering talent. Leadership activities which include performance appraisals, regular 1on1's, resource and capacity planning.
What you'll do:
You will guide your team to implement product features that will help improve people's sleep and support Emma's core business
You will be a team player as part of an agile, empowered team and contribute to the development of fellow engineers
You will contribute to the improvement of our Software Development, CI&CD and DevOps practices
Play a key role in supporting us attract, develop and retain great engineering talent.
Leadership activities which include performance appraisals, regular 1on1's, resource and capacity planning.
Who we are looking for:
Extensive knowledge of computer science fundamentals, incl. data structures, object-oriented programming and software design patterns
Several years of proven experience in software development and operation practices covering the full software development lifecycle, ideally in an E-commerce business
Understanding of the importance of well-organized codebase and documentation
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer or Electrical Engineering, Business Informatics or equivalency in relevant work experience
You are highly self-organized and interested in taking over ownership and bringing the team to the best solution
You have strong analytical skills and are an open-minded and creative team player
What we offer:
A combination of personal and company growth to accelerate your career and help you reach your goals.
The chance to work on exciting and challenging projects as part of a dedicated, international team.
Responsibility and decision-making authority from day one—you'll create an impact with new, innovative ideas and help shape our company DNA.
To work and learn from experts in diverse fields and get to know your team members at exciting company events.
Become an Emmie Our work culture is built on strong values promoting community, agility, and ownership. Growth and excellence in all areas are important to us, which is why we offer our team members opportunities to unlock their full potential professionally and personally. Emma proudly celebrates diversity. We are an equal opportunity employer committed to promoting inclusion in our workplace. We consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, ethnic origin, religion or belief, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability or age. Our aim is to get back to you in a couple of days, however we are currently receiving a large amount of applications and this might lead to a delay in the process. We will get back to you as soon as possible!