company description
we are flink - your online supermarket revolutionising the way you do your grocery shopping. with a wide selection of over 2,400 high-quality products, we aim to deliver to your door in minutes. we put our customers first and ensure all products delivered are fresh and nutritious. additionally, we can customise our national assortment to be able to offer you unique local products in every city. our delivery hubs are located in densely populated inner-city locations and we strive to be sustainable by delivering on electric bikes and using packaging that can be recycled.
founded by experienced e-commerce professionals and seasoned entrepreneurs with exceptional track records, backed by some of the most renowned global investors, we are growing rapidly and have a great hunger to continuously challenge ourselves. we pride ourselves in being an inclusive and equal opportunities employer with a diverse and multicultural team.
if you want to be part of this exciting journey… read on!
our future commercial development & performance intern (m/f/d) will support shaping the commercial organization. together with the commercial performance team, you will contribute to various strategic projects with true bottom line impact - from deducting actionable insights from internal & competitive intelligence, to helping to automate & optimize cross-departmental processes and to develop profit-enhancing initiatives. you will be an integral member of the commercial performance team in one of the fastest growing startups in europe.
job description
support the development of a holistic product assessment metrics for the continuous assortment optimization
contribute to fostering competitive insights together with the data team and deduce first recommendations for buying and commercial team
aid in generating insights into flink’s current performance
assist the development of further strategic initiatives like increasing basket size, minimizing waste, increasing customer retention
qualifications
pronounced analytical abilities, self-discipline and motivation
quick comprehension, hands-on mentality and strong willingness to learn
solid microsoft office skills (especially ms excel)
first internship experience in m&a, investment banking, private equity, retail or consulting in a top-tier organization
experience in the startup / vc environment is a plus
bachelor or master student in econometrics, economics, mathematics, science, business administration, data analytics or similar fields from a top-tier university
excellent english language skills, german is a plus
additional information
a cool discount off your personal flink orders, be the first to test out new products!
unlimited access to an e-learning and development platform, myacademy, including online german courses
attractive company pension options
online discounts with corporate benefits and future bens
a unique opportunity to be an early bird and have an impact on our strategy & growth
a steep learning curve, the possibility to work in an energised and dynamic team within a fast-paced environment
for berlin: a newly renovated and spacious, dog-friendly hq in the heart of mitte - lots of delicious lunch spots available within short walking distance

it is our commitment that every applicant will be evaluated according to their skills regardless of age, gender identity, ethnicity, sexual orientation, disability status, or religion.