we are looking for an engaged, driven business intelligence engineer (m/f/d) who will help us shape the future of our external data platform and take it to the next level. our vision is to provide our internal stakeholders with reliable and accurate external data in order to bring a good understanding of external factors in flixbus and to help leverage external data for automated, smart decision making.
the external data team at flixbus' network planning domain discovers and collects external data and provides external data services for analytics and data science applications. with a focus on acquiring and modelling external data sets provided via multiple platforms to our company-wide stakeholders, we support the further evolution of flixbus as a data-driven company where stakeholders are supported in taking smart and data driven business decisions every day in every market.
by joining the team you will not only find great engineering challenges ahead, but you will meet knowledgeable, approachable and motivated people in an environment of trust, flexibility and open minds. you will have the chance to meet many users of our services and support them dive into the specifics of our data sets & using them. moreover, you will have a voice whenever you feel we can improve something as we're living an open feedback culture within the team and beyond.

your profile and skills – ready to hop on board
if you don't fit all the requirements but you feel excited about this opportunity, we encourage you to apply! we don't want to tick boxes! far above tech skills, we value your attitude, passion and personality.
experience in working with cloud data warehouse systems (i.e. snowflake)
advanced sql knowledge
experience with reporting systems (i.e. powerbi)
familiarity with python is a strong plus
good communication skills
data modelling experience
strong analytical and data visualization skills
good business process understanding
fluent in english

your tasks – paint the world green
the team gathers vast amounts of structured and semi-structured data from several external sources and stores it in the aws data lake. your challenge will be to transform and enrich the raw data in the data warehouse (snowflake) and prepare it to be easily available to a range of business stakeholders.
you will...
be part of a self-organized, cross-functional team in the network planning domain.
work with your team to decide on and improve the data architecture and the data pipelines.
will take part in continuous improvements and maintenance of our data warehouse.
design scalable data models, mostly using star & snowflake schema
develop custom applications for data transformations based on sql / python
work with business and technology stakeholders to evaluate data sources, techniques and tools for data-driven decision making.
develop a strong understanding of business needs and logic to implement in our data warehouse

our perks – more than just a job
you have an impact. with innovation and smart technology, we are creating the easiest way to travel. we want your ideas and give you autonomy to make them reality.
flix is flexible. organize your own schedule, and balance work between the office and home as it's best for you. we give you trust-based hours and a flexible smart working policy.
travelling is our passion. discover the world with your free flix rides and bring along your friends and family for half price.
teamwork makes the dream work. our flixteam has people from over 80 different nations. we work in a multicultural environment where we can challenge and support each other.
your well-being is important to us. to treat your mind and body we will give you a competitive paid time off package, mental health support including 1:1 consultations with a psychologist, and a neat discount on urbansportsclub memberships.

want to rewrite the history of mobility with us? then join our ride and apply now. we're excited to hear from you!
flixmobility – a place to enjoy work and have an impact
the future of transportation is green. here at flixmobility tech, the r&d group, we develop software with the brightest minds from around the world to engineer new experiences for our millions of customers across our apps and websites. every day we solve challenging problems, like how to scale rapidly around the world and how to make an experience that delights our customers. we have a culture of sharing ideas, contributing to open source projects and being an active member in our technical communities.
flixmobility is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. we celebrate diversity and do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender (including pregnancy and gender identity), national, social or ethnic origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, age, veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. all employment decisions are based on business needs, job requirements, competence and merit.