About LIQID
We are LIQID, one of the fastest growing fintechs in Europe.
Our purpose is to provide the creators, entrepreneurs and thinkers shaping our future with access to the same opportunities as the world’s most successful investors while balancing the demands of people, planet and profit.
We offer our clients financial peace of mind through exceptional, curated investment solutions – ranging from the world’s best private equity and venture funds to award-winning wealth management solutions. All delivered via an intuitive digital experience with outstanding personal support. With close to €2 billion in assets and growing at 100% a year, we are backed by leading investors from the digital, private equity and wealth management space, including LGT, Toscafund, HQ Trust and Project A.

About the team
Our Marketing and Data team is responsible for the development, implementation and measurement of all marketing and communication activities within our Client Journey. The team's mission is to develop and continuously improve a data-driven - both quantitative and qualitative - marketing approach. Qualitative customer feedback and the integration of different data sources (marketing channels, content management system, CRM system, etc.) enable our marketing team to deliver targeted campaigns for clearly identifiable customer groups. The goal is to look at the entire client journey - from the initial contact with the ad to cross-selling into other LIQID investment solutions - and to draw conclusions about campaign success and target group relevance. A well thought-out analytics and intelligence setup is crucial to achieve our goals.

About the role
As Data Engineer (f/m/d) and a core member of our Marketing and Growth team, we invite you to have a voice and a major impact on our entire business and especially LIQID’s future growth.

How? With your many years of expertise in data engineering as well as your proactive way of working, you and your team build our analytical infrastructure from scratch and continuously develop it further. Data and tools? You love it! Marketing & Tech? You feel home. Sounds like you? Join our journey from scale-up to leading European wealth manager.

Your focus areas include:

1. Cloud Infrastructure and Data Warehouse Architecture
In close collaboration with our DevOps team, you manage, develop and expand our existing cloud and data warehouse infrastructure.
You ensure consistent availability and accuracy of our core data.
You continuously expand the capabilities of our analytics functions by adding new data sources and smartly integrating them within the existing setup.

2. ETL and CI/CD Pipeline Implementation
- You design and implement data pipelines - ETL and ELT processes - and maintain highly efficient CI/CD processes that support the analytics team and provide the required data for all our internal analytics.

3. Growth Analytics
You closely collaborate with the Analytics team to develop innovative ideas across the entirety of our business processes.
Ideas can range from the identification of new target audiences all the way to leveraging predicative analytics models to help us identify cross-selling opportunities in the existing client base.
About you
Your background
You have 3+ years of experience in a Data Engineering role.
You have worked closely with business stakeholders and have proven your ability to answer business or marketing questions with the help of Data and Technology.

Your skills & qualifications
You have excellent knowledge in SQL and Python, as well as Datawarehouse technologies such as BigQuery.
You have a very good understanding of and experience in cloud technologies such as AWS or GC.
You have already worked with data orchestration and data modelling tools such as Apache Airflow and dbt.

Your attitude
You have a passion for marketing/growth related topics and are confident to develop a good understanding of marketing channels and customer journeys.
You love discussing technology issues and are able to formulate clear views and opinions on general business and growth questions.
- Strong verbal and written communication skills in English and the ability to present complex data problems to both, experts and non-experts - no problem for you.
You bring a high level of ownership and think and act in the best interests of the business, never settling for the status quo.

What we offer
#diversity&inclusion - be yourself and get involved in our #nodiscrimination corporate culture with flat hierarchies, openness and a lot of cordiality.
#grownup - an innovative and award-winning company on a growth path that offers high market relevance as well as an agile and highly dynamic working environment with varied activities and plenty of room for creativity and co-designing our common path.
#investinyourself - mentoring, books, trainings - we support you in your personal and professional development. Learning curve? Go steeply upwards!
#officegoals - work in our modern and well-connected office at Ku'damm, ergonomically equipped and with daily fresh regional fruit and organic products, such as muesli, bread and a large selection of drinks.
#stateoftheart - Macbook, keyboard, screen? Here you get the latest technical equipment - also for your home office.
#100%flexible- flexible working time models and working hours, as well as mobile working arrangements.
#holidays - 28 vacation days and the office is closed on December 24 and 31.
#oneteam - celebrate legendary company parties with us, such as our annual summer party, our Christmas party and quarterly team events.
#stayhealthy - stay healthy and fit and join our health promotion initiatives, such as beach volleyball, the Soccer Startup League or take advantage of eye screening, flu vaccination or our Health Assistance Program.
#smartmoney - as a LIQIDian you receive attractive conditions for our investment strategies.
#corporatebenefits - receive exclusive discounts with various providers and a monthly lunch allowance.
What happens next
A great candidate experience and transparency are important to us. The various recruiting steps help us, and of course you, to understand what a collaboration could look like and whether we fit together professionally and culturally.

1. Brief get-to-know phone call with one of our recruiters: Let's get to know each other and talk about the basics.
2. Video interview with the hiring manager: Let's talk about your experiences and expectations and find out if we match.
3. Case Study: You will be faced with a typical situation that you might encounter in the future role.
4. Onsite Experience Day: You meet the team, peers and internal stakeholders and discuss your case study results.

LIQID is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.

We are looking forward to your application!

Your Recruiting team