About Localyze
Founded in April 2018, Localyze is reimagining how people move for work by bringing together seamless technology, transparency and unrivalled service. We believe in freeing talent from borders, so we're building a centralised platform for a decentralised world. A world where companies can hire from everywhere — and people can work and live where they want to.
After closing our $12m Series A, we are now expanding the team and looking for more Localitos to join the ride.

About The Role
As Localyze expands its services internationally, our demand for reliable data grows. We're seeking a Data Engineer to support us on our mission to build a borderless world. You will partner with our CTO to play a key role in implementing and controlling every part of the ETL/ELT process, collaborate with various stakeholders to understand their BI needs, communicate data insights in a clear and concise manner to audiences with different backgrounds, and evaluate our current data tech stack of Airflow, BigQuery, and Metabase to ensure it continues to serve our needs. You will:
Control every part of the ETL/ELT process:
Data warehouse management: implement and manage a data warehouse to ingest our data.
Data orchestration: decide on the best tools to ingest your data from different sources into this warehouse.
Data modeling: model the data to be used by analysts and schedule runs to streamline these models.
Use and set best practices:
Software engineering best practices like version control, testing, CI, etc.
Data visualization best practices.
Maintain data documentation and definitions.
Collaborate with key Localitos in Finance, Marketing, and Product to understand their BI needs and provide them with the data and tools they need to make informed decisions.
About You
Ideally you:
Are an expert in SQL and window functions don't scare you (too much). Python would be a plus.
Are familiar with engineering best practices like version control, testing, CI, etc.
Have a good understanding of business KPIs, preferably SaaS metrics, including cohort analysis, CAC, and NRR, etc.
Have had exposure to setting up data infrastructure, and understand the related process and obstacles.
Have a deep technical and analytical understanding of each ETL/ELT step. Familiarity with our current stack (Airflow, BigQuery, Metabase) is a plus.
Have a growth mindset and critically explore the advantages and disadvantages of changes in the data ecosystem to evaluate how to optimise a data stack.
What We Offer
Join our passionate and internationally diverse team
Work remotely across Germany, the Netherlands, the UK, Ireland, Spain, or Portugal
Benefit from statutory healthcare and perks
Earn a competitive salary, including employee stock options
Make the most of our paid time off and parental leave
Get to know your team during our regular events and international retreats
As an equal opportunity employer and advocates of Diversity and Inclusion, Localyze proudly welcomes applications from people of all races, ethnicities, disability statuses, ages, religions, gender identities or expressions, and sexual orientations. Please apply even if you don't think you meet all of the criteria above but are still interested in the job. Nobody checks every box, and we're looking for someone excited to join the team.