job description

concr is an innovative, fast-growing company working on digitalizing the construction industry and paving the road to construction 4.0. with our team of experienced civil, cyber-physical systems and it engineers:

we make dumb concrete smart !

concrete is the second most used material on earth after water. since its widespread usage by the ancient egyptians, chinese and romans, it has always been a simple mix of cement, water and aggregates. we use it to build our infrastructure, bridges, tunnels, our houses, our shelters, etc.

since its invention, the way from how we use it to how we test it hasn’t changed drastically.

thanks to concr and its solution, we make an over 3000 years old dumb material smart. how ?

with our iot solution, we provide our customers with state-of-the-art wireless sensing devices and cloud-based monitoring and management tools to improve project management during construction work and enable remote maturity and quality concrete monitoring. we give concrete a voice that helps the construction industry increase efficiency, improve quality and reduce waste.

since our customer and project base has been growing rapidly in the last years, we are seeking a backend engineer to join our development team.

requirements

responsible for

analyzing, designing and developing high-quality, maintainable, reusable, scalable and reactive software systems based on the customer specifications and business needs
developing and managing the microservices and storage systems for concr's real-time iot data
write unit/integration/functional tests and keep code coverage high
integrate and/or follow up with the ci/cd pipelines
participate in code reviews
ensure applications are running fine on cloud (aws) with low latency & high throughput
ensure quality by maintaining the tools, framework and infrastructure
research and evaluate new technologies to improve processes or code bases
management of the customer database (including migrations and upgrades)
we are looking for an engineer, who

have bachelor or higher degree in computer science, software engineering, electrical engineering, it, ict or similar fields
are dedicated to delivering clean and stable code for 3+ years with experience in best practices for the entire sdlc
have evidence of exposure to architectural patterns of high-scale web applications on cloud. (e.g. well-designed apis, high volume data pipelines, service-meshes, message queues, distributed caching, efficient algorithms)
are familiar with container based applications and orchestration tools on linux based systems for coding and debugging
have experience with writing unit & integration tests and monitoring code coverage
have hands-on-experience with development of microservices and deployment of cloud-based services aws
have strong experience in python (django & flask)
have good experience with sql, especially postgresql
are always trying to improve his skills and get better at what they are doing
are able to keep adapting to new situations and always deliver the highest quality results
have a devops mindset for monitoring and deploying code with versioning tools and ci/cd
are living in berlin or willing to relocate
we offer

freedom and full responsibility for your projects. no micromanagement
opportunity to work directly with the founder and the experienced team of concr
experience working with a fast development and research team of engineers
great salary and work-life-balance
flexibility on work location and hours (ideally to be based from our berlin office, but we are open to remote working with occasional trips to our office for meetings)
new and well-equipped office directly at s-bahn tiergarten in berlin
free drinks (coffee, tee, softdrinks) & fruits
we value diversity and therefore expressly welcome all applications - regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion/belief, physical abilities, age, sexual orientation and identity.

we are looking forward to receiving your application!