who we are

we are on a mission to help the elderly to live safely and independently while staying connected to their families and carers. with our intelligent wearable software that allows older adults at risk to call for help anytime and anywhere they need it, we have launched a product that saves lifes. having completed our seed funding round supported by renowned vcs we are now executing on that mission and growing! our ambition is to improve the healthcare experiences of older adults by integrating modern technology where it can make a difference. we envision building a suite of products and services for older adults and consumer segments that no one has tapped into yet.

aufgaben

to be successful on this mission, we are looking for a data and analytics engineer to significantly drive our growth.

support data transformation using dbt, help us develop and maintain a state-of-the-art bi environment. your main responsibility will be on the data modelling side at the beginning as we need to develop the model from scratch. the engineering tasks will be more and more important with time considering the integration of new data sources and the development of new applications.

develop data models for company kpis
manage data transformation using dbt
own, develop and maintain elt processes in order to bring the right data to our bi system
ensure continuous integration of the data
ensure the scalability of our infrastructure
qualifikation

excellent sql skills to write complex queries to join data across systems
excellent python skills for elt processes development
hands-on experience with cloud databases, such as redshift, snowflake or synapse analytics (we currently work with snowflake)
have worked in cloud environments such as aws or azure (aws is a plus)
experience with transformation tools like dbt and/or orchestration framework such as airflow
have at least 3 years of practical experience in the field of business intelligence
bring a high standard of quality and personal responsibility as well as attention to detail
are keen to keep up with the latest technologies and trends in the data ecosystem
benefits

contribute to a product that has a real human impact
fulfil a role with creative freedom and scale - leave your footprint and own your business
opportunity to work in an agile and experienced team where you are constantly challenged to learn and set the bar higher
competitive compensation
are you curious?

become a part of our team and make a difference! we are looking forward to getting to know you!