about pepper.com:
at pepper.com we believe people should be influenced by expert opinions and not by marketing strategies. we want people to find the right product that fits not only their budget, but also their needs. we all have this friend that we call if we need shopping advice and in the online world that is pepper.com. our mission is to achieve exactly that, by giving the reach and voice to people like you and me who are passionate about deals and are willing to share their expertise with our communities around the world. we are building the best place for consumers to share their knowledge and learn from other experts to make the best decisions.
*
and we need you to achieve that! someone who shares our values and is just as passionate as we are about helping over 25 million people every month to make better purchase decisions.*
we hire in our 6 beautiful offices around the world (berlin, lyon, london, winnipeg, belo horizonte, mumbai), but offer nearly all positions also remote.
*
join one of the best employers in berlin according to all professional social networks: 5/5 on indeed, 4.8/5 on glassdoor, 4,4/5 on kununu, and 4.9/5 on stepstone.*
*
tell us about yourself: *
we're looking for an experienced analytical product manager (m/f) who's passionate about seo techniques, and wants to lead a talented cross-functional team of engineers, a product designer and data analyst. as product manager you will be responsible to find effective solutions to hard problems that help drive organic acquisitions in collaboration with your cross-functional team and stakeholders..
*
this is how you can help us: *
contributing to shaping the okrs of your cross-functional team, and iteratively delivering solutions to meet these goals.
working with internal and external stakeholders to understand the highest potential seo improvements.
deriving competitor insights to inform product strategy.
meeting with product analysts, product designers and developers to discuss new ideas, finalize concepts and prioritize work according to the expected impact on set goals.
deriving insights from quantitative & qualitative research to gain a deep understanding of the customer experience, identify and fill product gaps and generate new ideas that enhance the user experience.
defining, monitoring and analyzing relevant success metrics.
taking the active role in daily development of new features by preparing comprehensive user stories, managing execution and feature roll out.
documenting and communicating feature releases and being the go-to expert for anyone trying to understand more about them.
these skills will make you successful in your role:
at least 2 years of experience in product management.
experience in seo/customer acquisition.
demonstrated understanding of the techniques and methods of modern product discovery and product delivery.
demonstrated ability to learn multiple functional areas of business – engineering, design, finance, sales, or marketing.
demonstrated ability to figure out solutions to hard problems with many constraints, using sound judgement to assess risks, and to lay out your argument in a well-structured, data-informed, written narrative.
proven ability to engage with developers, designers, and company leaders in a constructive and collaborative relationship.
fluent in english, german is nice to have.
this is how we can support you:
work in a growth-focused e-commerce and tech-oriented environment
a privately-owned group structure not dependent on external funding
full-time undetermined contract after 6 months of probation time
flexible working options designed to be able to attract the best talent
international and professional team of motivated people with flat hierarchies
to be asked your opinion – it will shape the team and pepper
we care about your mental health! you will have full access to our employee assistance program
learning and development opportunities
the possibility to work from our office in berlin or remotely
*
what makes your job different from others?*
we are not your classical startup as we actually do not have outside funding. this means we do not chase senseless kpis to close our next funding round, but aim to make the right decision to lead us to be long-term successful. pepper.com was founded in 2014 after hotukdeals.com (launched in 2004) and mydealz.de (launched in 2007) merged to build a global shopping community. we found multiple allies around the world to join our vision and are currently over 250 people, more than 40 nationalities split over 12 countries and 4 continents. with our oldest community being over 15 years old we are building things to last and hopefully change peoples’ lives for the better.
_
we believe hiring should be based on values, passion and soft- and hard-skills. while we acknowledge that we all have bias- gender, race, religion, origin, sexual orientation or age does not play a role in our decision process. diversity and differences make us stronger as a company, and help us to connect with our community and with each other._
*
are you the person we are looking for?*
we're looking forward to receiving your application including:
a compelling motivation letter
a clearly arranged cv
your earliest possible starting date
the protection of your data is very important to us. here you will find all the details of our privacy policy for applicants.
job type: full-time