Why we are looking for YOU
Our cross-functional Product & Engineering-Team at PiNCAMP consists of 18 passionate Engineers, Product Managers, Designers, and Program Managers, who help us create an agile work environment and build a great product with 12 million visitors per year, that helps you find and book available campsites in over 38 countries in Europe.
What you can expect
As a backend Engineer you are taking ownership on building web apps, APIs, services, and infrastructure for PiNCAMP product
Actively discuss and execute implementation details and software architecture together with the other team members.
Advocate for improvements on product quality, security, and performance.
Recognize impediments to our efficiency as a team, and propose and implement solutions.
Embrace change and daily challenges while following the principles of the Agile development methodology
Your profile
We are aware that a good backend software engineer can master new languages on the way - we even learned a few ourselves building this product so far. Still, here’s our ideal-world-scenario skill set:
You have a proven track record and years of experience in software development.
You have deep experience in either back-end application and API development.
Experience developing in Python
Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases and other technologies (e.g. PostgreSQL, ElasticSearch, RabbitMQ)
You don’t believe that code testing is a waste of time.
You strive for reliable and lasting products by being pragmatic, self-motivated and curious to find answers
You’ve worked in startups and/or enterprises where you delivered scalable, secure, and robust architectures.
You value transparency, accountability, and inclusivity.
You have good knowledge of the English language.
Experience with booking technologies or transactional e-commerce is an advantage.
A Plus:
Knowledge of Terraform, AWS and Kubernetes
Understanding SOLID principles
What we offer
Actively experience the journey from startup to market leader
A steep learning curve with a lot of responsibility from day #1
Great personal & professional development opportunities in growing start-up with an international, committed and experienced team
A vertical organizational structure which gives the opportunities to push for creative and new ideas
A highly entrepreneurial environment where everyone has ownership and freedom to move towards our ambitious goals
Flexible working hours
Monthly educational workshops
Hybrid and/or remote work
Paid educational services/books/workshops
Competitive hardware equipment
Attractive & competitive salary
30 days vacation and an extra vacation day for Christmas and New Years Eve
Introducing the departement
We are an international team and our company language is English. Pincamp is in the ongoing process of transforming from an information portal into a transactional platform on which our users can find their camping vacation and directly book their stays. Additionally, we are going international and multilingual. We use Code-Reviews, Pair Programming, and TDD/TPD to breathe life into business ideas in an agile process. OKRs, regular retrospectives, and chapter meetings help to align our compass every day. We are always open to new and other technologies and seek the right tool for every job. If there is an opportunity to benefit from something new, we discuss and decide inside the team.
We are looking forward to hearing from you! We value the diversity of perspective and seek to build an inclusive workplace that welcomes people from different backgrounds.
What´s our stack
Our backend stack is built using mostly Python microservices, which are accompanied with Kubernetes, AWS and Terraform.
Most of our data lies in PostgreSQL databases and ElasticSearch
PiNCAMP is the camping startup founded by the ADAC; the biggest automobile club in Europe. Together with an international team of 50 online experts we are digitizing the camping business by combining the experience and reputation of the ADAC, with the speed of agile processes. Our goal is to be Europe's leading camping portal. For our continued development, we are looking for passionate hands-on people, who want to grow with us and who will support us to build an excellent product for campers and campsites alike.