scout24 has been revolutionising the real estate market for over 20 years. with successful products on our platform and services such as flowfact, we are creating a digital ecosystem for the property sector in germany and austria. with our know-how and diverse services, we ensure market transparency and make complex decisions easy for our users.

a diverse and inclusive team of proactive people awaits you at scout24. together, we bring innovative ideas forward in a data-driven environment. this is how ideas become reality.

we need your support here.

our philosopy here is simple: not only do your ideas count, but you do too. we want you to grow with us and become a permanent member of our team. because success develops together!

what you can expect from us

your time is precious: we offer flexible working hours, home office and 30 days holiday annually.
commitment to diversity and an inclusive environment: we value diverse personalities, skills, values and backgrounds.
being a part of a company that promotes the topic of sustainability and lives by it every day.
have kids? we'll support you with a professional family service, which helps you to find a childcare centre or offers emergency childcare.
moving? we offer support with the move and with the application for visas.
further development: from professional know-how and language courses to workshops on individual growth skills – here you are the center of attention
treat yourself to free coffee and tea, as well as fresh fruit, to strengthen you each day.
stay healthy - take part in company sports classes, team runs and cycling events. also book massages or receive discounts for gyms.
dogs are welcome: bring your dog to work (according to rules, of course!).
we are a tech company: we work with the latest technical tools and hardware.
as software engineer in the cloud infrastructure team, you will be part of an agile group enabling developers to easily run their applications in a consistent and reliable way by providing the compute- platform, that meets the networking, persistence and compute needs their applications have. this platform is built on top of aws (amazon web services), as well as popular open-source solutions such as kubernetes and aws cdk (cloud development kit).

we use devops philosophies and practices to increase scout24’s ability to deliver customer value at high velocity.

what we need from you

develop state-of-the art tools and services around cloud infrastructure, e.g. kubernetes, networking and iac
support the company wide adoption of your team’s products and cloud technologies
solve challenging problems in a distributed system serving millions of customers
apply product development thinking when developing the tools and services of your team
be a mentor and share your knowledge in blog posts and at meetups and conferences
what you need to bring

in-depth knowledge of at least one leading cloud provider (amazon web services, google cloud platform) and their services and apis
deep understanding of kubernetes microservices architectures and internal components
confident presentation and strong influence skills - able to adapt level and style to the audience
proficiency in modern programming languages - preferably go, kotlin, typescript or python
values good api design and clean code
experience with aws cdk ( nice to have)
experience with designing and operating a network architecture in the cloud including load-balancing (aws albs), cdns (aws cloudfront) and logically isolated virtual networks (aws vpcs) (nice to have)