scout24 is a listed tech company that has been revolutionising digital marketplaces for over 20 years. driving various strategic initiatives over the years, today we focus solely on building an ecosystem for the german and austrian real estate market. with immoscout24, we have been successfully bringing together owners, agents and other services with users. our know-how and diverse services ensure market transparency and make hard decisions easy for our users.
a diverse and inclusive team of proactive people awaits you at scout24. together, we bring innovative ideas forward in a data-driven environment. this is how ideas become reality.
we need your support here.
our philosophy here is simple: not only do your ideas count, but you do too. we want you to develop further and become a permanent member of our team. because success develops together!
what you can expect from us
your time is precious: we offer flexible working hours, home office and 30 days holiday annually.
commitment to diversity and an inclusive environment: we value diverse personalities, skills, values and backgrounds.
being a part of a company that promotes the topic of sustainability and lives by it every day.
have kids? we'll support you with a professional family service, which helps you to find a childcare centre or offers emergency childcare.
moving? we offer support with the move and with the application for visas.
further development: from professional know-how and language courses to workshops on individual growth skills – here you are the center of attention
stay healthy - take part in company sports classes, team runs and cycling events. also book, massages or receive discounts for gyms.
dogs are welcome: bring your dog to work (according to rules, of course!).
we are a tech company: we work with the latest technical tools and hardware.
what we need from you
provide best in class service to scout employees within our product and service team framework
a great “can do” attitude to problem solving and being the employees' allies
broad technical skill set as well as a driven curiosity and passion to learn
proactively working towards availability, performance & it security improvements
partake or coordinate change and incident management as well as constant service improvements
liaise with vendors, suppliers and other it personnel for problem resolution

what you need to bring
multi os understanding and knowledge. including apple mac and windows client and servers. linux knowledge advantageous.
good knowledge of mobile devices and management.
experience in standard office application especially for iam, collaboration and communication systems like o365/azure, auth0, du0 security, slack, zoom etc as well as specialist applications for teams as needed.
standard basic networking knowledge like ip addressing, dns, dhcp, vlan
expert technical understanding, with the ability to speak to engineers as well as internal customers.
eagerness for personal, team and business need continuous improvement (e.g. optimizing processes by automation) and never-ending curiosity for new tools and technologies