introduction sentence
you love stunning shows, movies, series or any other type of entertainment and are passionate for digital products? – join seven.one entertainment group gmbh and be part of our video engineering team. we master the design, development, and operation of prosiebensat.1’s live streaming and video on demand pipeline (i.e. galileo, germany’s next topmodel, the voice of germany etc.) including ingesting, qc, transcoding, digital rights management, packaging, playout and cdn delivery.
what you can expect in this role
you are part of a cross-functional team of highly experienced individuals with deep competences in media and cloud technologies, software development, quality assurance and product management
you investigate product quality to make improvements and increase customer satisfaction and create hands-on automated and manual test strategies
you provide tools and processes to make sure our features are thoroughly tested and can be shipped as fast as possible
together with the team you create, write and execute all kinds of automated and manual tests for our video streaming platforms
you ensure that the acceptance criteria are accurate, clear and well defined and convert the acceptance criteria into automated tests
also, you are driving quality improvements in an agile and continuous-learning environment
your essential experience and education
you have several years of experience with different testing techniques such as ui testing, automated testing and test driven development strategies
you have a strong knowledge of software qa methodologies, tools and processes
besides that, you have hands-on experience in testing larger web sites and know how to efficiently do multi-device-testing
you are able to create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases
you have an agile mindset, a well-structured working style, strong team and problem-solving skills and love to share your testing experience with others
very good english skills complete your profile, german is a plus
what's in it for you?
take advantage of our wide range of training and development opportunities offered by the prosiebensat.1 academy
benefit from a flexible work schedule with mobile working options and 30 vacation days per year
work on modern fully equipped workplaces and use our wide range of sports (including yoga, football or workouts), post office, laundry and ironing service as well as many cafés and wifi on campus
in addition to the campus's own daycare or a childcare allowance, there is a family service with free consultation
enjoy an open corporate culture without dress code in the dynamic environment of the media industry
closure
we are looking forward to your application!
apply within 5 minutes via our job portal or use the video application option.
you can find out more about our application process here .
please note that we can not accept applications by mail due to data protection reasons.
company text
click here to learn more about the prosiebensat.1 group located in unterföhring near munich and our diverse portfolio.

as a signatory of the diversity charter, prosiebensat.1 is committed to a working environment free of prejudice and actively promotes diversity and equal opportunities among employees.

you have a disability and would like to apply? then you are very welcome.
we know that we are not entirely accessible yet, but we are working on it. let's talk about how we can eliminate any barrier together and find an individual solution if needed.

although we refer to one gender in the text, all genders may be implied.

training and education
overtime compensation and 30 days vacation
subsidized company pension plan
campus service with sports facilities and cafes
flexible working hours
no dress code
special discounts with external partners
daycare center or childcare subsidy