we are smava – the online credit comparison platform. we make loans transparent, fair and affordable! being one of the biggest fintech companies in europe, we are proud of being awarded as top employer 2020 and named one of the 50 most promising start-ups in europe . are you up for a successful grown-up company? become part of smava’s vision of becoming the go-to place for consumer loans and let us shape the digital future of the credit market.

we believe in flat hierarchies and self-organized network structures where leadership happens in a lateral manner and teams make their own decisions in areas like tech or people. this empowers everyone to a vast extent - by sharing responsibility and decision-making amongst every member.

who we are

we (core bi team) oversee our data warehouse, striving to enable all teams and departments to make data driven decisions. we do this by providing data infrastructure and services that make it easy for teams to serve and digest data.

what you will be doing

work with different technologies (aurora, redshift, data vault, matillion, java, python, terraform and more) to deliver data infrastructure and services
contribute to establishing a data-first culture and create a data democracy by providing a decentralized self-service data platform and self-service bi.
take active part in all the decisions involving the team (goals, timelines, stack, etc.)
what we're looking for

required

several years of experience in the data domain as a data engineer, data warehouse engineer, bi developer, etc.
experience with data warehousing
passion about your work and great communication skills, always keen on sharing knowledge with the team
experience working in agile environments; ideally within startup-like companies with flat hierarchies
proactiveness and willingness to take over responsibilities, having ownership while working in a highly collaborative environment
eagerness to challenge the status quo
preferred

experience with columnar databases as dwh engine, preferably redshift (or similar)
experience with data streaming and/or batch-processing
experience with etl/elt tools preferably matillion (or similar)
experience/familiarity with bi tools preferably tableau (or similar)
experience with cloud infrastructure, preferably aws (or similar)
nice to have

solid knowledge about kimball, inmon principles, dimensional modeling.
experience with data vault
experience in a programming language such as python or java
experience with docker, ecr, ecs, etc.
what we offer

intensive onboarding, remote work & flexible working hours
training & conference budget
30 days of vacation & 10 child-sickness-days per year
subsidies for lunch (office delivery via smunch.co), public transportation tickets, and gym memberships
free german and english classes, hackathons and plenty of team events
open minded culture with colleagues having 40 nationalities
a modern office in friedrichshain with a rooftop and relax area
interesting?

then apply online in just a few minutes via the application button as a (senior) data engineer (m/f/d). simply upload your cv and we’ll get back to you as possible.

all applications are accepted exclusively via the application form.

contact: felipe alemany (030 - 617 48 0014)

do you want to learn more about us?