At TradeMachines we are building the trading concepts of tomorrow. In the heart of Berlin, TradeMachines works with its international team on the future of finding and selling used machinery at a fast pace and fair value.
Many of our goals now and on the horizon are deeply dedicated to improving the experience of discovering new deals and facilitating meaningful and international trades.
In order to make it as easy as possible for sellers to list their offers on our platform, as part of our service, we automatically display the inventory of our customers from their web pages and integrate them with us. And we are providing a search engine with machine data for used machinery to everyone.
We are looking for a backend and AWS-focused full stack developer . We are also looking for…
Several years of experience in software design and development in real-world projects, preferably in a microservices environment
Delivery of platform architecture (microservices/software, architecture, and API design)
Experience working in an agile environment
Knowledge of AWS environment (required - specifically EC2, Load Balancer, ECS)
Implementing automated testing platforms and unit tests
Data migration, transformation, and scripting
Experience with Atlas Mongo
Experience with ElasticSearch is a plus (there are some services that we have to migrate from ElasticSearch to Atlas Mongo Search)
Troubleshooting and communication skills, good analytical skills
Fluency in English is a must
A great team player
Your responsibility:
Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable code
Responsible for developing, releasing, and monitoring on production
Help maintain the code quality, organization, and automation
Contribute to engineering best practices, and processes and share your knowledge by mentoring engineers or pairing with your colleagues when it is needed
Contribute to the daily tech-related operations, evolve the platform architecture
Work closely alongside the product and development team to design and implement new product features
Contribute to continuous integration and continuous delivery
Current Tech Stack: NodeJS, TypeScript, React, Atlas Mongo, Atlas Search, Algolia, AWS, Terraform, ElasticSearch (legacy - will be migrated), Scala (legacy - will be migrated - no new implementation with it)
What we offer:
You will be working directly with the management in an international team, with flat hierarchies, and short communication channels
You can have a real impact every day on the success of TradeMachines
Challenges, space for creativity, and taking ownership
Full-time job with 40 hours/week, home office and asynchronous working hours, it is also possible to work in the Berlin office
There is plenty of room for fun, creativity, ideas, and improvements
Regular team events, team updates, and get-togethers
We work in autonomy
When it comes to how we work, we believe that trusting each other is key. Through our culture of trust and responsibility, we let the principles of Autonomy, Mastery, and Purpose guide our people. We've started our agile journey, now we're looking for bright minds to help us reach our next goals.
We work remotely
We are working remotely. But we also have an office. You can choose to go to the office when you want.
We constantly learn
One key objective for the whole company is to “create a dynamic changing organization with the best team and workplace”. We put learning at the center of our culture and spend time and energy on developing every single employee, the team, and the company in order to create a long-lasting relationship everybody profits from.
We enjoy the atmosphere
We achieved the position of being the proven winner in the market mostly thanks to our relaxed and creative atmosphere. We believe in everybody giving their best and engaging with all possible.
At TradeMachines, we have a notoriously small team of engineers who develop the core site. Engineers enjoy a large amount of autonomy and independence in how they solve problems.
We are technology agnostic, if it works, use it, but we implement our features by creating responsive pages, structuring a growing code base, and rationally choosing new technologies rationally.
Job Type: Vollzeit
Salary: 50,000.00€ - 60,000.00€ per year
Benefits:
Betriebsfeiern
Gleitzeit
Homeoffice
Flexible Language Requirement:
Keine Deutschkenntnisse erforderlich
Schedule:
8-Stunden-Schicht
Bewerbungsfrage(n):
Are you comfortable working in a remote setting?
Which AWS services do you have experience in?
Berufserfahrung:
AWS: 3 Jahre (Wünschenswert)
Node.js: 2 Jahre (Wünschenswert)
Sprache:
Englisch (Erforderlich)