the role & the team
as a senior software engineer in zalando marketing services, you will work on building and optimizing systems that deliver relevant content to our consumers. you will solve large scale, high-load, algorithmic real-time auctioning and bidding challenges to create even better customer experience.
every time a customer searches for products on zalando, a bidding request is sent to our system in real-time. the system aggregates relevant data points, evaluates thousands of candidate ads with our machine learning models, and decides what ads to show where - all within 10-30 ms. every second, we score and serve tens of thousands of ad requests. learn more about our engineering teams here.
inclusive by design
at zalando, our vision is to be the starting point for fashion - one that is inclusive by design. we only assess candidates based on qualifications, merit, and business needs. we welcome applications from people of all gender identities, sexual orientations, personal expressions, racial identities, ethnicities, religious beliefs, and disability statuses. we only want to know why you're great for this role, so please avoid including your picture, age, and marital status in your cv as well.
we want to provide you with a great candidate experience. please feel free to inform us of any accommodations you may need, so we can best support and assist you throughout the hiring process.
do.better - our diversity & inclusion strategy: https://corporate.zalando.com/en/diversity-inclusion
our employee resource groups: https://corporate.zalando.com/en/diversity-inclusion/our-employee-resource-groups
why you should be interested…
design, develop and deliver real-time optimization systems which interface with ml backbone
optimize stochastic behaviours of the system based on online experiments
design, architect and develop end to end engineering solutions with full operational responsibilities
collaborate with applied science experts, engineers, analysts and product managers across zalando to create positive customer impact together

we'd love to meet you if…
you have at least 5 years of experience designing and developing highly available low-latency high-load distributed systems in jvm-based language
you have extensive hand-on experience in developing and maintaining scalable and testable code, have experience in algorithms and data structures and follow best industry practices
you have experience in operational excellence - including, but not limited to: monitoring, reporting, tracing and alerting in complex distributed components and services
you have expertise in concurrent programming (multi-threading), network programming, distributed databases, microservice architecture
systems programming experience will be highly valued (low-level programming skills, hardware awareness, good knowledge of jvm internals, java memory model etc.)
nice to have
experience in high-load technologies like dynamodb, cassandra, redis, elasticsearch, kafka, protobuf, grpc is a strong plus
experience in a/b testing, analysis and understanding the biases
zalando benefits
career development
we offer peer-to-peer performance reviews twice a year
learn and develop through our extensive zalando training platform
join regular all-hands, team meetings, q&a-sessions, and quarterly anonymous employee surveys to ask your questions and provide your feedback
support from an international team of experts; mentoring and professional development opportunities
wellbeing
2 days paid leave per year for volunteering
minimum of 27 holiday days per calendar year
online sports courses, wellbeing, and nutrition advice offered by humanoo personal wellbeing coach app
mental wellbeing support by our employee assistance program and professional consultants to help you find health resources
flexibility
flexible working hours
relocation assistance for internationals
if you work from an office in your role, a choice of office equipment to be delivered to you, to support you working from home due to covid-19 safety
financial
access to the employee shares program
40% shopping discount on products shipped and sold by zalando, and 30% discount on zalando lounge
discounts from a wide range of external partners
family
employee parents' forums and employee resource group
supported transition into and out of parental leave, with a buddy and re-onboarding plan
3 fully-paid child sick days per year
free counselling, assistance, and referral service for all matters concerning yourself and your family via the fürstenberg institute
about zalando
it's the perfect time to join zalando on our journey, from being a pioneer in the world of e-commerce, to the starting point for fashion in europe. we connect customers, brands, and partners across 23 markets.
help us drive digital and sustainable solutions for fashion, logistics, advertising and research, bringing head-to-toe fashion to more than 46 million active customers through a team of diverse skill-sets, cultural backgrounds, and interests.
at zalando marketing services we create meaningful connections between brands and consumers through a deep understanding of their personalities. we work with brands, agencies and publishers from fashion and beyond to produce innovative, impactful campaigns that reach the right audience at the right moment. thanks to its holistic mix of cutting-edge and privacy compliant technology, in-depth audience insights, expansive reach and compelling content brands produce successful campaigns across multiple digital marketing channels.
for more information about zalando marketing services, click here.
our values: https://jobs.zalando.com/en/our-founding-mindset
do.more - our sustainability strategy: https://corporate.zalando.com/en/sustainability
follow us on instagram: instagram.com/insidezalando
please note that all applications must be completed using the online form - we do not accept applications via email.