we’re recruiting devops engineers at any level to add to our growing development team.

zizoo is the leading boat holiday platform, offering over 30,000 boats across 500 destinations worldwide. we cater both to licensed sailors looking to book a boat only, and to those with no sailing experience, interested in hiring a boat together with a captain and optional crew. zizoo makes it easy for travellers to find the right boat by simplifying the selection and booking process.

named after one of jacques cousteau's nicknames, zizoo’s mission is to make boat holidays accessible and easy to book for everyone. we’re a team of passionate sailors with strong industry ties, which allows us to give our customers expert advice, and a price-match guarantee on verified and insured boats.

named as one of forbes’ top “travel tech startups taking europe by storm”, and backed by europe's leading tech investors, our zizoo team is growing fast as we continue to transform the travel industry.

we are looking for a devops engineer to support us building and maintaining zizoo’s system infrastructure.

tasks

responsible for keeping zizoo‘s systems available and performant
work in a cross-functional agile team with high independence and autonomy
suggest, conceptualise and implement new standards to optimise our engineering processes as part of the zizoo devops centre of excellence
propose, design, and implement new improvements, platform upgrades or architecture changes, as you see fit
continuously improve monitoring and alerting systems, aws and other saas infrastructure, and automation and ci/cd
requirements

proactive mindset with the ability to work autonomously and problem solve effectively
strong initiative, and proven ability to independently learn, design and implement new technologies
excellent english written and verbal communication skills
skilled at automation of complex tasks and handling potential failures
passion for learning and harnessing new technologies
experience with production systems including monitoring, ci/cd, git, and maintenance
knowledge and experience working with aws and container technologies
experience in production engineering for web services and distributed systems
benefits

a transparent data-driven environment where good ideas flourish. got a good idea? we’ll test it!
an excellent encouraging learning environment for devops engineers to skill up
the possibility to experiment with new technology
cross-company personal development and training budget
an opportunity to work in one of europe's trending startups
a fun and outgoing company with a strong social calendar and great colleagues
team building events and a sailing holidays for the whole team
flexible remote-work/on-site position
and, of course, boat holiday discounts
we look forward to if you believe yourself to be the right person for this role, and want to make a positive impact in a growing company, apply here!receiving your application!